Well, good evening family, or good morning wherever you are.
I have some things on my heart to pray over tonight.
We crawl—we're in the middle of the forest.
Did you not see the deer behind us?
You're on the green screen.
Hey, somebody sent this to me, by the way—a dog, squirrel.
It's the squirrel.
Remember I said 'squirrel'?
And it's always when I get distracted and I see the squirrel.
This is the dog that I was talking about.
Squirrel!
'If you threw a stick, I would chase it for you.
' And I thought it was cute.
They sent me a toy.
I thought—I told Guy, I said, 'People are so funny.
' I laughed and laughed and laughed because that's my dog.
'I have just met you and I love you.
' And they sent that to me for being funny, I guess on an important mission for the small because I get distracted and I say 'squirrel.
' But I thought that was fun that people are being nice.
Okay, the hit list is real.
And this is so important that you all know when we're praying into this and we're praying over our leaders and our nation.
Alex Jones has had some kind of intel.
Is this the video?
Yeah, yes, that's important.
That's why—that's what I wanted to show.
You wanted one of him in it?
Yes, sir.
He reacts to it.
Yeah.
This is what I wanted you to see right here.
Now, I won't be able to keep this up because YouTube does not like this man, but I want you to hear it while we're praying.
I've got a thousand some odd people.
I'll be able to leave it up for a couple of hours, but I'm going to have to take it down.
That's probably way too much.
But this is what I'm trying to tell you.
Even the price—I saw $50,000.
Does anybody remember that on October 19th, I was caught up in the spirit and the Lord showed me a list of names and I saw four entities being paid major money?
I'm talking—this was funded well by somebody in particular; it was big.
But as I was praying, I saw MS13.
I saw underground towns.
I saw a little community, is what I would call it, communicating on these SIM card devices.
And the Lord said to us, 'You must pray.
You must pray and protect your leaders.
' Don Jr.
is a target.
Alex Jones, Tucker Carlson, President Trump, and the list goes on and on.
But as I was seeing, the higher and more powerful the authority of the individual, the greater the bounty.
I saw some of them going over half a million dollars for some of them.
Like some of them, the average was 50,000, but it was on a list and I saw the list.
It was like a 'wanted dead or alive'—you know what I'm talking about?
—like the cowboys.
It was in red writing and the Lord showed this to us and he said, 'Pray over Bondi and pray over...
' and then he said, 'I will protect Alex Jones.
He will uncover some things and I will protect him and his life will be spared and he will become very vocal like a John the Baptist, even more than what he already is in the end for this end-time army.
And I will use Alex Jones.
He will have an experience like a road to Damascus type of experience.
' And the Lord warned us and told us about this.
And Alex was more upfront in this than even Tucker Carlson.
Tucker Carlson is more fade-away in the background.
But the main one that I really feel to pray over is even more Don Jr.
I told you it was a list against President Trump's immediate family—to pray for his children and his grandchildren and his wife and him.
It was just a list to pray for his family because I saw them trying to come at him to make him so distracted that he doesn't want to pursue or go on anymore because it would make him want to—because of touching his family—shrink back and clam up, to stop him from proceeding and going on because he didn't want any more of his kids to get hurt, so that it would be a very, very sad time for him.
And I saw that grieving hitting him because of losing his son.
So we pray for these people.
I didn't realize they were in bunkers; something major is happening.
I told you we have a Red Dawn experience in our nation coming.
The enemy within.
The Lord said, 'You have an enemy within that came over over the last, over the Biden, Sleepy Joe's administration, deliberately allowing these people in our nation.
' And the Lord warned us and told us, 'You must pray now.
This is very serious.
' And I said, 'It's not a call to fear; it's a call to prayer.
' And everything that I'm telling you, I really truly believe as we see it, we're seeing it in the news.
It's not something just I'm over here flipping, making stuff up.
It's happening now.
It's happening.
What the Lord has warned us about is happening in the news.
We saw it weeks prior, over two weeks.
So I thought it was interesting.
Even the Tomahawk missiles.
The Lord talking to me.
He's still talking to me about these missiles.
Long-range missiles from Ukraine going into Moscow, poking the bear for an acceleration of war.
Then Braden brought it to my attention today.
The United Kingdom said, 'We will give you these red-tipped missiles.
' And because I said they're red.
They have red at the tip of these missiles.
They have red—there's painted red on these missiles.
And I said it's like Tomahawks.
Well, the United Kingdom today said, 'We will give you these red missiles.
' It's from the British, from England.
Yes.
Do you see it right here?
Britain has supplied Ukraine with another shipment of Storm Shadow missiles, equipping Kyiv for long-range strikes into Russia this winter.
For long-range strikes into Russia this winter.
So this is what I'm talking about—what I saw.
Do you see these?
These are red-tipped missiles.
What I said, they're red tips.
Well, I still believe they're Tomahawks.
But this goes along with what I saw: long-range strikes into the winter.
Well, what did I tell you Poland was wearing?
I said they're wearing snow gear.
They had these little Fudd-looking hats on covering their ears and they were running with guns—with AR-15s, you know, like assault-style, and they were running towards something and it was snow on the ground.
But this is when I saw Romania and these other nations that would be involved.
Then last night I saw four horsemen of Apocalypse when I was praying and I saw Germany and Berlin.
I saw them making human sacrifices with these virgin girls, trafficking, trying to summon up that Hitler spirit, the Antichrist Hitler spirit.
They were doing satanic rituals.
And when I saw this, I saw the thing that they were using—and I'm not going to get into it because it was very dark.
What I saw was very satanic.
But as I saw this, the Lord said, 'Watch the Olympics, the opening ceremony.
' There's more to this.
And then he said, 'Why do they pick the spots they pick?
Why is CERN built in that area?
There are portals.
There are things in the spirit concerning the demonic, concerning this summoning up war, summoning up to bring forth the Mahdi.
And then that was what the Lord was showing us last night.
And then I saw the Vatican and the Lord said, 'Watch Pope Leo concerning the Olympics.
Watch this time frame going in the next 3 months on February the 3rd of 2026.
That's when the Olympics starts.
So we have a window here because today is the third, three months, which is so amazing that the Lord would start talking about it last night, wouldn't it?
The time frame of praying into this and showing us that this is an acceleration of end-times events because then I saw the demonic spirits all at attention, and this was in the great Apollyon, that demonic devil that comes up out of the pit and creates war upon the earth and all that.
He was spinning.
He was spinning and going around Europe, and all of a sudden he came to a standstill and started looking.
He knew there was something different.
All the devils in hell know—all the demonic principalities—all of them know that Jesus Christ is coming.
And they were standing at attention, looking at this bright light.
I saw them in the castles in Romania.
I could see them in all the places where they've been hanging out in these castles—you know, these demonic spirits.
You call them haunting, but they're not haunting; it's just demonic stuff.
And they were all at attention, looking at the glory.
They knew.
Then I said, "Lord, what am I seeing?
" He said, "Every knee will bow and every tongue will confess that I am Lord.
" And I saw at that time what they were all looking at was the coming of our King.
They knew.
They know.
And that's when the Lord used the scripture.
He said that Satan knows his time is short.
You read that scripture again, Love: Revelation.
"Therefore rejoice, ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them.
Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea!
For the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.
" That's it.
Praise God.
It's amazing, babe.
We are right there in this timeframe, y'all.
He knows his time is short, just like what you're reading.
Revelation, it's time to get excited about our King coming, folks.
It's time to have anticipation and knowing that Jesus is coming.
And even the devils in hell know that their time is short.
The devil himself knows his time is short.
And that's what they were looking at.
That Apollyon was looking.
He knew.
He knows.
They all know.
And the Lord—I thought it was interesting that the Lord said it.
He's pinpointing what they're trying to do to summon up evil by CERN, by sacrifice, by satanic things, trying to summon up things.
And people said, "Brandon, what you saw—what they were using—was it the spear?
What was it called?
" They emailed us and said, "Is it the spear that Hitler tried to get?
He got a hold of it and they brought it back to Austria.
It was a spear, and it was some kind of thing they said pierced the Lord's side.
" No, this was not what I was looking at in the spirit.
This was some kind of black rock.
"The Spear of Destiny.
" I wasn't looking at it; it wasn't the Spear of Destiny they were using.
That's probably in a museum somewhere.
I don't think they're going to let them use that for satanic sacrifice.
But I don't know—who knows with these people?
But I didn't see that.
I saw it was some kind of rock, some kind of demonic-looking stone.
You know, folks, I don't focus on the devil.
I don't focus on what he's doing.
Who cares?
He's a loser.
This is almost over.
We're wrapping this thing up.
Jesus Christ is coming.
But I want you to have your eyes more open.
It's time for the church to wake up.
If they and the demonic are at that kind of attention, how much more should you be alert?
How much more should you be watching for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ?
If the devils in hell know there's something different as of the 23rd of September, from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah, things are starting to accelerate.
The Lord said to me, "Brandon, this is the point of no return.
" Why?
Where are we at with the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
He said, "Watch this.
The birthing pains will be at the point of no return.
You're at the waterfall edge.
Jesus is coming.
" Do you understand, ladies and gentlemen?
I tell you this every single time to tell you it's time for you to wake up.
The ark is closing.
Things are accelerating.
Even the devils in hell—it even says in Revelation that even Satan knows that his time is short.
And the Lord was showing us that last night, that scripture in a vision, showing me that they knew.
They could see the glory.
They could see Him coming.
It's happening in the realm of the spirit.
The light—the Lord said there's a shift.
Do you not see it?
They know it's not status quo.
Things are different in the spirit realm.
And out of all these thousands of years, they know; they can see it; they can sense it.
They can sense it.
Something is about to happen.
And all I know is that I'm looking for it.
My eyes are to the skies.
I'm looking for my Jesus.
And I know that it may be three years; it may be tomorrow.
I don't know.
All I know in my spirit is I believe we have a major revival.
I believe we're going to see a major harvest of souls.
We're going to see the blind eyes open, the deaf ears open.
We're going to see limbs grow back.
That's what I believe we're going to see.
Now, if we go home tomorrow, then praise God.
I'm not going to complain and go, "Lord, why'd you come back?
I thought we were going to do...
" We're just excited that Jesus is coming.
But I know in my spirit that we have a little work to do, and we're going to bring in this harvest.
And the enemy knows, and he's doing everything he can to get people distracted and get you preoccupied with life, preoccupied with fear, preoccupied with worry—whatever he can do to keep your eyes off of Him.
And I want you to get really radical about Jesus and what He's about to do.
He said, "It's all hands on deck.
" He said, "It's all hands on deck.
" And I'll keep saying that over and over again.
And people said, "Hey, did you see Brad Garlinghouse with his...?
" You don't have to play it.
He said about the flip of the switch.
It was exactly what it kind of went along with.
It's not financial advice.
I don't know.
I'm just telling you what people are bringing to us about the flipping of the switch.
And I saw the power poles last night.
I told you I saw power cords going to these doors, and they were dark and blacked out, and they just needed the power to go to them and flip the switch.
There is a blockage, and the Lord said pray into those doors.
There are four major financial doors—four major financial doors that they're going to get power to, and it'll be the flipping of a switch.
He said, "Pray into that.
" So, I see these doors.
I see what the Lord is saying to me.
And I see there are certain investments, certain things that the Lord is going to do to bring forth the wealth transfer that we're all believing for.
And then that man brings up the switch.
Not saying he's the avenue, not saying it because I'm not a financial adviser, but I'm trying to say it's just interesting his verbiage.
I thought his verbiage was kind of interesting.
You know, he's talking about flipping a switch.
I was like, "Wow, let's turn this sucker on.
" I was like, "Let's do it.
Let's do it.
" To me personally, I'm just believing God for my own family.
You know, it's a kind of exciting verbiage.
I watch people and I go, "Is that a cue?
Is that a clue?
Do you want me to pray into it?
" I don't want to always assume anything.
And I don't want people to get on spiritual weirdness.
You can go, "Oh, it's this; it's that.
" Stay grounded.
Don't get weird.
Don't get spiritually flaky and get all in the clouds and be strange.
Stay in the Word.
The Word of God keeps you grounded.
Stay in the Word; it keeps you grounded, baby.
Don't get off in weirdness.
There's a lot of spiritual charismatic flakiness, and I don't want to be a part of it.
I've seen it.
There is spirit and there is Word, and if there's too much spirit, you blow up.
If you have too much word, you blow up.
If you don't have enough spirit, you dry up.
You've got to have the word and the spirit.
I hope I did that right, but you've got to have a balance.
It's an equilibrium: making sure that you stay grounded, you have the word, you have the spirit, and you keep things flowing.
I talked too much; Braden told me 25 minutes.
All right, so we're going to pray and seek the Lord together and see what He has for all of you that are not night owls like us.
I know you go to sleep early.
I told the Lord, "Man, this is when it gets good.
" The spirit realm—I've learned from 2:00 to around 4:00 in the morning is prime time.
It's amazing.
Any other time of the day is good, but there is a Holy Ghost flow at night.
I was watching somebody special; they were talking about why in the old days they would have two times of sleep.
They would sleep from 6:00 at night to about 11:00, wake up, have another little meal, pray until they call it the second watch or something.
I was watching it and I was like, "Get out of here!
" They would have the candles and they would pray, and they said this was how culture was back then.
They would have a little meal and they would put the firewood on the fireplace and stay up from 11:00 to about 2:00 or 3:00 and then they would go back to bed.
I thought they knew something.
It was some people in the Dark Ages.
I was just like, you know, when we got modern electricity, we don't do stuff like that anymore because we have lights.
But I thought, isn't that an interesting culture?
Here I go talking again.
Squirrel!
Father, I just thank You for the body.
I thank You, Father, for all that You've done and all that You've yet to do.
We'll pray and we'll seek You.
Father, whatever You have for us, I'm so thankful.
I'm so grateful that we can spend time with You.
We seek You, Lord, and we'll find You.
We'll knock and the door will be opened unto us.
Father, I thank You, Lord, for Your body that was broken for us and that we are healed by Your stripes.
We don't have to have sickness in our body anymore, Lord, because Galatians says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
We take this body in the name of Jesus, and we give You all the glory, honor, and praise for all that You've already done.
We're wall-to-wall Holy Ghost healed and whole and well by Your blood, by the wounds on Your back.
Thank You, Father, in Jesus' name.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
Father, I thank You for the blood right now.
I cover my wife, my children, our finances, our house, and our car—everything, Father, everything You bless us with.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over us.
I thank You that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We apply the blood over our sins, our minds, our wills, and our emotions.
We thank You, Father, that we are prosperous in every way possible: spirit, soul, and body.
Beloved, I wish above all things that you prosper and be in health, even as your soul prospers.
We believe, Father, that we walk in that divine blessing.
As He is, so are we in this world, Lord.
We take this right now in the mighty name of Jesus.
We thank You, Father, for this is the meal that heals.
You're a good God, and You love us so much and You've provided so much for us in Jesus' name.
Amen.
See how it's different even than last time?
I tried to tell Dina, we aren't religious up in here; we're just relationship.
I just want Him to come and visit me.
I look for Him every day, and I find Him.
Even today, when we were out there in the garage cleaning and doing things, He started speaking about the end times to us, having impartation with His love and His fellowship, talking about end-time stuff, the healings, and the manifestations of the glory.
I cherish those moments, don't you?
Nothing else matters to me.
I thought if you had to start over, you'd do the same thing: seek Him.
Everything else He always provides.
He always takes care of His people.
If you're doing right and you're sowing into good ground and you're doing the word and apply the word and do what the word says to do, you'll lack no good thing.
Everything else falls in place.
It's when you get off in left field and you think you're on the right road and you keep doing the same thing expecting different results.
I learned if you don't see results within six months to a quarter of a year, stop doing it.
Apply pressure somewhere else; practice, and you'll start to see a change.
A cruise ship takes a while to change course because it's such a big boat, but you instantaneously start to see it change.
Even if you don't see the full manifestation of a turnaround, you still see change.
You can feel it in the spirit.
We're on the right road.
You have an inward knowing.
Be sensitive to what the Spirit of God is telling you to do.
Even if you get off track, He said—I'm trying to find the right scripture—'You're not big enough to mess your life up.
' He said, "No, you're not big enough to mess your life up, Braden," because the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord.
As long as you're upright and in right standing with Me, if you're seeking Me, the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord regardless.
You can't mess your life up even if you tried.
I mean, you can be stupid, but you can turn it around.
That was all about Megan when I said, "Man, what are we ever going to do?
How are we ever going to fix this?
" I said, "Lord, I'm seeking You, and You're going to turn what the devil meant for bad around for good.
" I just believe that's where we are in these end times.
Pray.
Yep.
I'm so full, baby.
It's like poking a sponge; I'm going to dump.
It's what happens every time.
I go because I'm full.
I stay full.
Father, we just thank You.
We praise You and we lift up this time of prayer.
Whatever You want us to do, we'll do it.
However You want us to pray, we'll pray.
We open the eyes of our heart, Lord.
We seek You and we find You.
We'll knock and the door will be opened unto us.
Father, there are so many things going on right now in the world, but I'm just going to follow Your Spirit.
You lead, I follow.
And Father, we just worship you.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
And when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds to me.
Oh Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek.
I'm seeing something.
Isn't that amazing?
All right, cool.
It starts to shift the atmosphere.
It's worship.
It's worship in the presence of Jehovah God Almighty, Prince of Peace.
Troubles vanish, hearts are mended in the presence of the king.
In the presence of Jehovah, God Almighty, Prince of Peace.
I see three I-Atlas.
It's glowing.
I don't know why I'm seeing this rock.
It's traveling, but it's gotten brighter than the visions I've seen before.
Why are so many focused on this?
What is it about this?
Something is coming.
That's what I heard.
'Something is coming, son.
Something is coming.
' And this is not an alien.
There's no such thing as aliens.
It's demonic spirits.
But what you're about to see is what Oral Roberts saw in 2004, called the wakeup call.
For it will be a wake up to the church, a wake up to the world, a sign of the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
It's time for preachers to preach fire back in the pulpits, to preach repentance back in the pulpits.
For there will be a sign in the heavens.
There will be a sign throughout the earth daily.
Remember this word over 20 years ago.
He saw it.
Timing was not right.
You know, whenever you're seeing over in the spirit, it looks like it's right in front of your face.
That's what the Lord said—that things look like they're right in front of your face, but you're looking in decades.
But there's something coming.
And most of the government knows that it's coming, and it's not conspiracy.
No, it's not.
But that's what the Spirit of the Lord just said.
He said, 'This is not conspiracy.
It's a sign of the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
' It's awakening the world.
You have that clip of Oral Roberts?
It was a short.
It's on the Word Channel.
You can play it.
This is it.
Yep, that's it.
Just play it.
I feel the Holy Ghost so strong.
It's welling in my belly.
Then I saw with my eyes something I'd never seen.
Suddenly in the clouds in the skies above New York City and the east part of the United States—which hung there for quite some time and then spread out across America without touching the ground—and then God diffused it away from America and sent it out to the nations of the earth.
And I saw and I heard.
I saw something coming down from above.
Smoke and vapor and blood.
Or it looked like that to my spiritual eyes.
There it was hanging so huge until it almost blotted out the sky.
Instantly I thought about 9/11 when the terrorists attacked the Twin Towers.
First I saw this thing hovering and great changes coming in it to where I couldn't miss it.
And then I heard something.
It reminded me of what a friend of mine had said when the first space capsule was released into the sky.
He was a newsman in New York City.
They told them to be a half mile or more away from the capsule.
And he said when that thing lifted off the earth, there was a sound, and the sound itself moved the weeds and the growth.
He said it penetrated my body.
As I talked to others, they felt the same thing.
He said the sound was so enormous that nothing had ever happened like it in the history of the world.
Instantly I thought of that because the sound that was coming into my ears was penetrating my whole being.
And then I heard God's voice.
He said, 'I'm making a sign.
' This is a sign according to the second chapter of Acts where the Apostle Peter, upon the giving of the Holy Spirit, the baptism of the Holy Spirit, said, 'There'll be signs in the skies.
' He said, 'This is one of the signs of the end time because the world is not ready for the second coming of my son.
' They are coming to church on Sunday morning mostly for themselves.
And the preachers, for the most part, are not really concerned about the nations of the earth.
They're concerned about the little group that is there, and they sing their songs and they get up and preach.
When 9/11 struck, there was a fear that came into the hearts even of my people, of the church and of people outside the church, and millions the following Sunday rushed to go to church.
But the preachers were not prepared, and most of them didn't even preach on it and didn't even talk about it being the sign of something that's coming hundreds of thousands of times bigger.
He said when those planes of the terrorists struck the Twin Towers in New York City and they gradually came tumbling down, it was something bigger than people had ever seen, but it's nothing in comparison to what's going to happen in the second coming of my son.
And so he said, 'My church was not prepared to deal with that.
' And people came to church and then nothing much happened, and they dropped back, and many of them went back to their bars.
There's a sign coming.
We're going to pray into that now.
It's heavy in my stomach and it's burning like fire.
A sign for the unbeliever is coming.
It's time to get on the boat.
I've warned and warned and warned.
Within a 24-hour period, everything would change.
Everything is going to change.
And within a 24-hour period, the way you live life, everything is going to change.
Where there'll be signs in the heavens, there'll be signs in the earth.
There'll be signs in your politics.
There'll be signs in your finances.
And there'll be signs in your church.
This is the beginning of sorrows.
He's talking about the sorrows.
The labor pains upon a woman.
So will it be.
And it will silence the scoffers.
They will all know a sign of the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The birthing pains.
He's doing it out of mercy.
He will do this out of love.
And the church bells will ring.
You'll see people—remember 9/11, how they all ran to church.
It was the way to Charlie Kirk.
They ran to church.
But when you see these signs, they will run.
But what will they get when these signs come?
You must stay filled, for they're coming in hot.
You must stay filled, my harvesters, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
For you must stay filled.
For they're coming within a day.
From shore to shore, they're coming in.
I see Hollywood.
I see deep blue states.
I see the scoffers even in the red states.
You'll see scoffers and mockers.
'Where is the coming of the Lord?
' But this is his mercy and his grace.
One last push.
One last call.
It's going to shake the world.
Play it one more time.
Repeat it again.
I can hear it again.
I heard God's voice.
He said, 'I'm making a sign.
This is a sign according to the second chapter of Acts where the Apostle Peter, upon the giving of the Holy Spirit, the baptism of the Holy Spirit, said there'll be signs in the skies.
' He said, 'This is one of the signs of the end time because the world is not ready for the second coming of my son.
' He said, "My church is not ready for the coming of my son.
" He said, "The Jews with whom I've had the covenant for thousands of years, they're not ready for the second coming of my son.
" He said, "The nations of the earth are not ready for the second coming of my son.
" And then I heard God's voice.
He said, "I'm making a sign.
" This is a sign according to the second.
He's going to make a sign.
It's so loud in me, son.
You hear me, babe?
I hear it so loud.
There's a major event about to take place.
Fearful sights that you will see that will bring you to your knee.
It's going to be a sign of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ is at hand.
The devils in hell know it.
This is the theme tonight.
You need to understand what the Lord is trying to tell you.
Revelation what?
Revelation?
Read it one more time, love.
Revelation.
Satan knows.
He knows.
I had a clock drop in my mouth.
Sorry, you're good.
Okay.
Therefore, rejoice ye heavens, and ye that dwell in them.
Woe to the inhabiters of the earth and of the sea.
For the devil is come down unto you, having great wrath, because he knoweth that he hath but a short time.
It's coming to that time.
I know he's talking about tribulation, but he knows when we're getting close.
He knows we have but a short time.
Yes, he's coming in wrath.
And this is tribulation that we're talking about.
Well, Brandon, you're quoting tribulation.
I know.
But he knows when we're getting—there's something different.
Something's changing.
And they know the pressure.
That's why I'm telling you, you're going to start to see things you never thought you would see.
The birthing as labor pains, they're increasing.
And the Lord Jesus Christ is coming.
And we're going to have a major harvest of souls.
The glorious church without spot or wrinkle is rising up.
It's going to be a shaking to awaken.
I know people are talking about 2026, 2027, 2028.
I've seen into it.
2029, 30, 31, all this time.
I just know that we're not done with 2025 yet.
We've got this little bit of window of two months.
There's still more to happen.
How do we close out this year?
What is the flash?
What are these things I'm seeing?
Acceleration of war.
We're praying into it with Venezuela and they say the drug cartels and the politics and the things are going on.
We got people hiding in bunkers.
What is happening?
Why?
What's going on?
We must open our eyes and be more vigilant about what's happening and be watchmen and watch women looking at our horizon.
There's much more there.
We must pray for our president's protection.
We must pray and intercede for his life.
He must live long and finish strong and finish what God has called him to do, that there's no one that's able to harm him with any kind of plan, plot, or pursuit, his health, all of it, with his kids.
We're wrapping this thing up.
The Lord said, "I'm giving you a three and a half year window.
What will you do now?
It's three years and two months.
What will you do with this time frame?
" He said, "Will you go back into sleep?
Oh, church, what will you do?
I've given you this time.
" And I said, most people look at midterms as it's just a year away.
Well, it's a year away tomorrow.
Now, what the Lord showed me was a stalemate government.
I saw losing the Senate and keeping the House.
And the Lord said, "You're going to lose governors if you don't pray now.
" Go ahead and put that on there.
The Lord said if you don't start praying now, if you don't start interceding now, you'll lose midterms.
You cannot wait until this time next year and say, "Well, we better pray.
" I saw Oklahoma even being divided.
I saw Texas with borders all around them, not wanting to secede from the United States, wanting to have their own country like we're not going to go this way.
Secede.
I saw people very upset with Gavin and I saw a red wave trying to come over California with people upset saying, "Listen, we're taking back our state.
" So, we must pray ahead of time.
I know we have a year, we'll pray into it a lot over the next year, but I have such an urgency to tell you we must keep even more of a majority in the Senate and in the House to pass forth legislation to get the job done that needs to be done so that we have all the things that we need.
We have a far-left thinking and we have the far-right thinking and the left is so divided; to even get anything passed is going to take a miracle because they said they need seven more votes in some of this stuff and that's what you will pray into.
I didn't know this until I started going, "Wow, I'm getting educated.
" For a great shaking to awaken.
You will see—we got to pray over New York.
I see New York is highlighted before me.
I see the power grid going down again.
I see the buildings being lit up by generators from outside with spotlights on them.
I just saw a glimpse of it again.
I saw complete darkness in parts of New York.
A complete power grid scenario.
Go back to David Wilkerson's words.
He said, "Go back to the warnings I gave him.
Go back to the warnings.
" I see people leaving New York by the droves.
A mass migration.
I see rioting.
I see burning of buildings.
It looks like some kind of bad movie.
I see fires on the buildings.
I see fires in cars.
I see people with riot gear.
I see people with masks on.
They're dressed in solid black.
They've got black outfits on, black hoodies, black masks.
I see the riot police control shields and they have batons in their hands.
I see them hitting people.
They're throwing Molotov cocktails.
These crowds are throwing this and they're throwing fireworks there.
There's actually smoke gas everywhere.
I hear a family say, "It's not safe here anymore.
We must go.
" I hear a woman talking to her husband.
I see they have children.
They have a nice home on a street with beautiful trees.
It looks like those old houses that are in San Francisco.
And she said, "It's not safe here anymore.
We must go.
" Great change is coming to New York.
You'll get what you ask for, but it's not what you thought.
You have been deceived.
A police state because they're trying to keep law and order.
People are acting a fool.
They're just doing their job.
The NYPD, they're just trying to do their job.
I see fire hoses spraying people, knocking them down, putting out the fires, the cocktails.
Spraying them.
No more.
And this will be in Chicago as well.
I see major uprising in these cities.
It's planned and paid for.
They're paid demonstrators.
This is a paid plan.
Seattle.
Seattle and this will be ICE is growing, and you'll see more of this going on.
I see the ICE is going to grow.
ICE will grow.
I hear this: ICE is going to grow.
They'll have more people helping; it's a movement.
I hear a movement, an uprising within an uprising within Chicago, Boston, New York, Philadelphia, Seattle, Houston, and Miami are highlighted before me.
There's more, but there's gang infestations, MS-13 gang infestations.
The Lord said, 'Just focus for a second.
' He wants to show me something.
He said, 'I want to show you something.
' I yield, Lord.
I yield.
The men that are in these gangs are attached to the enemy within.
They network together: the men with the enemy within, with the invasion of the Trojan horse—I know it's not a gift, but I'm trying to say these people are the Red Dawn experience in our country.
This is not terrorists; this is a foreign country.
I see them networking all together.
There's money here; they fund each other.
These people fund these people.
This is all funded through the drug cartel, but it's a foreign country.
We're talking tens of millions of dollars, and they're underground.
They have secret places, and it even extends into crime families.
And the Lord says, 'You must pray for wisdom, for there are rats within the department, a covering over your nation.
' You will need a covering over your nation.
You will need to pray for wisdom over President Trump to have discernment of who is for him and who is against him, for there is an enemy within.
They'll catch them; they already know about some of them.
Never mind.
The Lord said, 'Take it this direction now and get away from this quickly.
' Pray over our nation's holiday travel: Christmas, Thanksgiving, New Year's.
Pray over our mass airways, our air, and our baggage.
Pray over your baggage for the TSA.
We need that government funding for the employees.
We need all the people back to work before holiday travel, scanning for the Thanksgiving season, scanning the bags and all of the devices.
Praying over our airways, our mass transit subways, and how people travel during this holiday season.
We have three weeks; they must release the government.
We must have our TSA and airlines; we need them all back to work.
This is national security.
We don't want any open doors, but this is very serious.
I'm seeing something very, very serious.
You must pray going into Black Friday, going into cyber time.
This is a very important time: the tree lighting at Rockefeller, praying over these tree lightings, the parade, and mass gatherings for the Christmas season, praying over New Year's Eve.
That's praying over everything.
Thank you, Father.
Praying over our president at Mar-a-Lago.
Praying over our president at Mar-a-Lago for parties, over Don Jr.
at the parties.
We thank you, Father, that you protect these families during holiday celebrations.
I don't call them holidays because it's Christmas, but I'm talking about any party that has to do with Thanksgiving, Christmas, or New Year's Eve.
I'm not being liberal; I'm trying to say the holidays, all of them—praying over every major event because there's a lot of them.
But it's all about Christmas up in here.
But you need to understand it's all of those events, major parties.
There are a lot of get-togethers, a lot of families having people over.
Probably in politics, I don't know what kind of parties they have, but I'm sure they have some because I'm seeing them at Mar-a-Lago in particular.
I just thank you, Lord, that your angels are big enough.
Father, I'm not worried; I just know that you have angels to watch over my president from the top of his head to the soles of his feet, over his children, his grandchildren, his marriage, his wife, over JD Vance, his wife, and their children.
We pray for protection around our Supreme Court judges, our law enforcement, our Homeland Security, and the FBI.
I thank you, Father, over our ICE agents, all of them.
We thank you, Lord, for divine protection over every single one of them during this season, over the Thanksgiving travel.
We call our government to open for Chuck Schumer and them to stop this—that they'll all stop being RINOs and they'll get this done.
The people will get their paychecks, our government will open, and people will not be put at risk for their luggage.
I see a black bag in particular, and I'll just call it out: it looks like a carry-on.
They say, 'Well, there's millions of them, Brandon,' but I see this black bag—it's a carry-on.
Inside of this bag is something about two feet by three feet, by one or two feet.
It looks like a carry-on, and it's highlighted to me.
It looks like an average carry-on bag, but what's inside of it is wrapped and camouflaged.
They have practiced, and how they have practiced is with some kind of—I can't say it.
The Lord said, 'Be still.
' If it works this way, it will work with everything else.
Nothing that they will try to hide will work.
You have some very smart people with some very evil minds.
This is not terrorists.
Watch Cuba.
Watch the mules.
Watch the people.
Remember the Kennedy curse; they try to bring this on Trump.
Remember old alliances from the 1960s during the Cuban missile crisis.
Thank you, Lord, for your hand on us and for our nation.
Concerning—Lord, do not say that.
I'm trying to figure out how to stay around this now, and I've got to just back away and go around; we'll pray some other way now.
It's just good to avert this for right now today.
There are 6,400 people on here, and it's live and it's too much.
I see way too much on that part to bring that public right now.
But all I know is that my God is able to protect people and he is able to watch over our people.
I'll figure out praying over this tonight; I'll be able to learn how to communicate better.
You just don't want to say too much to tip off anything or say too much too quickly because it's just stupid on my part.
Father, I just thank you, Lord, for Alex Jones.
I just praise you, Father, that you protect this man as he comes out of grocery stores, goes into town, or gets gas in his car.
I thank you, Lord, that you protect him and that he doesn't walk in fear, but in wisdom.
Father, I thank you that a still small voice would speak to him, showing him where he's at and who's around him, protecting him coming in and out.
Watch over this man so that no weapon formed against him would prosper, or his wife, his kids, or anything.
I thank you, Lord, that even his family would not be used as ransom; they'll be protected.
I thank you, Father, that there's angels watching over Alex Jones and Tucker Carlson.
I thank you, Father, over Charlie Kirk's wife and Candace Owens.
We pray over Candace Owens and these people that they have divine protection over them and over me.
Thank you, Father, for protecting me and my family.
But you expose the enemy within: the rats in the Pentagon, the rats in the FBI, the rats in the CIA, and the rats in Homeland Security.
You expose these rats and you bring them to justice.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for how sly they think they are to leak this information to do what I see them doing.
They'll get caught in the noose.
Father, I thank you that you surround them.
No matter how careful they try to be with burner phones—they communicate with these SIM card things—there's more.
I said that how many times?
One, two, three.
There's more.
It is a mass plan all in the same day to create great confusion in every single way, to slow down the response and cause mass casualties.
I plead the blood all the way through California and underground trails, all the way through Las Vegas.
I see Las Vegas, Los Angeles.
There are four points from sea to sea.
It's so important that you all take authority every day before you go to work.
It's so important that you pray over your family before they go to school.
Do not forsake one day.
For what I am seeing on subways, you pray.
I'm not telling you to be afraid or to not do things, but be wise and pray over your families before you do anything, saying, 'Father, lead me.
' It's so important in this hour right now for what I'm seeing.
Boston is highlighted to me right now.
Pennsylvania and Philadelphia are highlighted to me right now.
Philadelphia, along with New York.
Do you understand?
Why is it always way up Northeast?
They're planning something bigger than what you know.
We thank you, Father, that all hidden things be revealed for our great nation.
Thank you, Father, that it's one nation under God.
There are so many believers here that pray for protection over our nation.
You uncovered it once in Michigan, and Father, if you did it once, you'll do it a lot more times.
Michigan was done, right?
We thank you, Lord, that one will lead to many because all we need is one of them to squeal and say, 'Listen, this is a network.
' We just need a squealer.
Tell us more what you know.
I thank you, Lord, that you put the fear of God in them so they will tell all they know from the underground chatter across this great nation and over Europe.
Now I see it in France and England.
This is extended with tentacles.
It's in France and England.
It's not as organized, but anything that is an American ally to bring forth the Mahdi crippling of the eagle within to get to Israel.
I'm just going to pray in the spirit for a little bit.
You can go if you want to.
If anyone says, 'Brendan, the video's too long,' I go until the Holy Spirit leads me to stop.
But this is a time if you want to leave, you can leave.
It's an hour and 36 minutes.
I told you I'd go an hour and 30 minutes for those who are scheduled, but the Lord is leading me to still pray.
So I'm going to finish what God has called me to do.
I prayed at the beginning for you, but I'm still praying and there's something more concerning Hawaii.
This is interesting, even striking, in Honolulu because it's a flex.
'See, we control things even way out here.
' It's a flex.
We've infiltrated so much that you don't even realize it's way out here.
I see one man; he's the leader.
It's about a flex, like bragging rights.
It's like pompous, so much arrogance.
They're so angry about the United States of America.
They'll hear it in the news.
I've got to go deep in this for a while, y'all.
It's on Monday.
All that's highlighted before me is the man that has the flowers on his necklace—the man by the beach.
Right there in that area.
The man that has the flowers on his necklace is a statue.
They're scoping out the area.
It's already been planned; it's plotted.
It's happening on the same day.
It's a flex.
There's this man and he's over some more.
It's in that area.
It looks like a rich, beautiful area.
He's not as bold, but he likes it where he's at.
Who would not?
I see his art.
He is paid within, but he is the one that's the more nuttier one.
He's crazy, full of the devil.
But the ones out here, I can't make them out too well.
There's a group of men behind him.
This man is not going to try to flee.
There's nowhere to run.
He knows it's a jihad.
That's why the Lord said he likes it there.
These are strategic things I'm catching for prayer cues concerning this man, because it's the end of him.
You can't get on a plane and fly out once you do this.
He knows this is it.
He's in the middle of an island, in the middle of the water.
In his mind, he's become accustomed to the life and he's liking it.
I see this man has changed his heart, but a demon within him is driving him.
He's being funded; I see money sustaining him because it's a flex.
That's why he's kamikaze.
They know this guy has a screw loose.
Catch him, Lord.
Bring him in, in Hawaii.
Let it be on the news.
Catch this man and the two people behind him.
Catch them.
Let him slip up.
Bring him in.
It's with a car, like they did in Europe where they run into people, kind of like the man in New Orleans.
Let all hidden things be revealed and exposed.
Let the neighbors see it.
Father, I thank you that law enforcement will not be so politically correct, and they'll check up on this because I see it being so politically correct.
I see the police force there; I see this individual.
Well, they've been warned.
They're telling them, but we don't want to.
We can't do that.
That's profiling.
We call it out.
We call it to be exposed in Jesus' name.
There's so many other places we could hit right now.
But it's interesting because I see this area and the Lord said, 'Brian, it's infiltrated all your land in your mainland.
' And I'm like, 'Yeah, so many prayers, so many things, so much time spent at His feet.
Thank you, Lord, that we expose the darkness in our nation and You protect President Trump.
You protect his family.
You protect our Homeland Security.
You protect us, Father, as a nation.
Thank you, Father, for this beautiful Thanksgiving-Christmas holiday season.
Thank you, Father, that we give You thanks for our nation and where we are this year for the things that You've stopped and the things that You continue to do to protect us.
Father, Your hand is on this nation to watch over us, and we give You the glory, honor, and praise for it, for shakings to awaken over our earthquakes.
See, we've had a lull, and it's about to tick up again.
Major shakings of earthquakes again.
Major, like what we saw out there by the Oregon coastline.
Something I told you: volcanoes and shakings.
Thank you, Father, that we received on the news that they've been busted and brought to justice all around this nation.
Father, I thank You for our FBI.
They'll find them.
We call them and the rat to slip up in Jesus' name.
It all started with Oral Roberts saying what he said.
Major shakings are coming.
I feel released to stop now.
Glory to God.
Thank you for praying with me, all 6,400 of you.
We thank you for joining us tonight.
6,400 is great.
We're so grateful for all of you coming out and praying so late.
We'll pray again.
We have a lot more work to do.
I'll pray and ask the Father to show me how I can communicate what I saw.
It's even concerning the Super Bowl and major events.
It's perfecting something.
These people are trying to think on a different level with AI technology.
This isn't your modern-day, like what we had with 9/11 kind of people anymore.
This is a different breed.
Isn't it amazing how many things the Lord shows us on these prayer calls?
He keeps giving us things so we can pray, and we're family.
I'm just so thankful for every single one of you that support us and are part of our prayer team.
Do you feel in your heart we made great strides tonight?
But there's a lot more to this.
The Lord showed me a lot tonight.
This level of evil and what they're trying to do to America—they are very organized, very well-funded, and they have a lot of patience.
It's an opportune thing, wanting to do it all at the same time.
It's interesting to me to bring so much fear and turmoil within our nation that it makes it where you don't want to go do things.
You question your freedom that you take for granted every single day.
You know, like, 'Is it safe?
' That's what they want.
As I say, we keep praying over this.
So I believe God has given us power and authority.
I think the first part of it was my favorite, what he said about Oral Roberts and that something major is about to happen.
Then it's amazing that he went from that to terrorist attacks and all that.
I was thinking, 'Well, this is going all over the place tonight.
' But the Oral Roberts thing at the beginning—I felt fire in my stomach stirring up so much whenever he was talking to me about it.
I saw his face and he said, 'Go back to that.
' It was interesting even now when the Lord was warning me.
So that's the end of the prayer part, but I'm going to talk a little bit because now you can say, 'Well, you got to pray with me.
' The Lord said He wanted the people to pray.
I'll tell you what I want to say now.
If you want to leave, go to bed.
I'm not ending it just because a couple of people want to complain.
I want to tell you what I saw about Oral Roberts and what the Lord showed us tonight about this.
I saw that there's something coming, and it's revolving around the three I-Atlas.
It's connected.
Whatever this is is connected.
And the Lord said, 'We're about to see something that's going to freak people out.
' I saw the fire.
I saw what he said was a shaking—it's going to be a call to wake up everybody.
What we're about to see in the heavens is a shaking in the heavens.
It's going to be like blood and fire, and it's so loud.
This is a major event that's about to take place.
Then we have the terrorist things.
The underground of all this is very—in the natural, I had to say your flesh could get a little spooky because these people are not normal thinkers; they're terrorists, they're trained militants.
We pray over our nation that we have good men and women protecting and watching over us.
Thank God for them.
I pray for their eyes to be opened so they're able to see what they need to see concerning the TSA and the FAA.
We pray over that.
What is the TSA?
It's airport security.
We're not talking about the radar; I'm talking about the people who check the bags.
We need the government shutdown to end now.
These RINOs like Schumer and Pelosi—I'm telling you, we need this done before Thanksgiving.
They don't realize—or they do realize and they don't care.
They're full of the devil.
We're going to take care of this in the spirit realm.
We've got several weeks left to pray over this: praying over New Year's Eve, the Rockefeller tree ceremony, and that area in New York.
It was interesting; I saw all the people with black outfits on, and they were throwing Molotov cocktails and burning the city.
I'm like, 'Who are these people?
Why are they doing this?
' But I saw them and I saw the NYPD and the firefighters trying to put out the fires, riot control and stuff.
Then the Lord showed us four major trails—I call them trails—and they were trafficking in underground things.
Trafficking in Las Vegas, major trafficking in Los Angeles, trafficking young girls and children.
The Lord showed us this and it was demonic, but it was all attached, all funded.
It's the money and the source of the money.
I saw the mafia, I saw gangs, I saw countries, but it was all connected.
It's an inward networking—not network marketing—networking with all of them together.
They're all kind of—it's almost like all kind of crime floats together.
Rats like rats.
It's like when you see a druggie, usually you see another druggie.
They all hang out with each other.
Alcoholics all hang out with each other.
If you have people with perversion, they hang out with each other.
You know, the spirits are attracted to each other.
They say the laws of attraction; they all kind of just flow with each other.
Isn't that amazing?
So, how do you find that out?
I heard from a friend of a friend.
It's crazy how they all hang out with each other.
And the underground cities—I see towns, and I saw these people like those in the subways, but it's organized and it isn't junk inside of there.
We're talking about something like an apartment complex.
This is stuff that could sustain life.
Most people say it would be like bunkers, but it's not bunkers; it's organized crime.
When I get done with these, it makes you tired because I see so much and it pulls on me.
You see the crime and you're thinking, 'My goodness, Lord, help us,' with all these people and all these cities.
Boston was a hot spot tonight—Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Seattle, and Miami.
And I saw many uprisings.
I'm telling you all, we've got to pray over our cities because of ICE.
Remember what the Lord said: there will be an expansion of ICE.
ICE is going to really try there.
There will be a lot more recruiting; it will grow.
And out of this, there will be more uprisings in these communities with the illegals rising.
It's going to get really intense; there are paid demonstrators, funded heavily for uprisings against ICE and for illegal immigration.
There will be more of an uprising in ICE for more recruits, and there will be an anti-protest about it, with people acting out.
Praise the Lord.
That's good enough.
It's over two hours.
We love y'all.
We pray this blessed you.
I know it's kind of different, even more different than last night, but every night, you never know where the Holy Spirit is going to lead you.
You just keep praying and we do our job.
We do it with all we've got.
This is what Diana and I do.
We're so thankful that you would be a part of us.
We have 6,200 who stuck around even to the last, and so we love you all.
Thank you.
If you could do us a favor: like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and tell your friends and family about us.
Tell them to come pray with us.
I believe many hands make light work; the more we have praying together over our nation, the more we are able.
Prayer changes things, folks; that's what we're called to do.
I believe the gift that God has put on me is for an end-time prayer army.
He kept saying today, 'Raise up the army, Brandon.
Raise them up.
Bring them forth.
Pray them in.
' A one-million-man-and-woman prayer army throughout this world.
I know we've been praying a lot about America right now, but I'm telling you, through this season going into the first of the year, it's major.
We are praying over our nation during this holiday Christmas season, and we pray over the other things the Lord has for us, for South Korea and all the other nations.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for protecting our brothers and sisters in Africa, and that all of the genocide stops now.
What do you say, son?
You want to do an altar call?
Oh, that's what they're asking.
All right.
Well, let's do an altar call.
If there's anyone here who has never accepted Jesus Christ as their Lord and personal savior, if you're here tonight and you're praying with us and you're like, 'Brandon, I want to be a part of that prayer army, but I'm not even born again.
I just feel a connection with y'all.
I'm lost.
I'm hungry.
I'm wanting change in my life, in my marriage, and in my household.
I'm battling depression and anxiety.
I've got all this stuff going on.
But when I come here, I just feel peace, but I don't know what that peace is.
' It's my friend Jesus.
If you're here tonight, you may have heard a lot about him, but do you know him?
But the bigger question is: does he know you?
Have you confessed your sins to my friend today and said, 'Jesus, I need you.
Please wash me.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
I need a savior.
' If you're here tonight and you've never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal savior, it's never too late.
It's the greatest time right now to ask Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior.
Do you know my friend?
Do you know Jesus Christ?
If you were to die tonight in your sleep, or tomorrow on the way to work, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun; do you know my friend Jesus?
I want you to ask yourself that right now.
And does he know you?
The very shoes you put on today to go to work, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
Or I could be talking to the person who is backsliding.
You say, 'I used to be on fire for Jesus.
I used to have a heart after the Lord, but the church wounded me.
I got a bad taste in my mouth from a bad pastor.
Something happened and I stopped going.
I got offended.
And by the time I got offended, I started going back into what I used to be into.
I got into drugs again and the bad crowds.
I started hanging around the bad people.
And just as a matter of time, I'm back into what I used to be.
What I got saved from in the beginning, I turned back to it like a dog to its vomit.
' But tonight, Brandon, I want to make a fresh start.
I just want to come back like the prodigal son or the prodigal daughter.
I want to come back to Jesus tonight.
Do you think God would want me back?
Do you think he would ever accept me back?
I turned back to my old ways and I just disappointed him, and I feel the enemy saying, 'Well, you're too far gone this time.
He won't accept you.
' You know he's a liar.
Everything he says is a lie.
Never believe what the devil says.
He can't tell the truth; he's the father of lies.
So the moment he says you can't come back and you're too far gone, you know he's lying.
The Bible says if you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you of all unrighteousness.
It doesn't matter what it is; there's no sin too big for God to forgive.
Remember that.
You may have done something really bad, something you don't even want to tell anybody about.
But the moment you confess it to the Father and say, 'God, I ask you to forgive me,' he is faithful and just to forgive it.
I know that might be mind-blowing.
You go, 'I don't even know how he could do that.
' But that's what he said, and I trust it.
No matter how big or how bad it may be, God is faithful and just to forgive us.
So, I want you tonight to run back to Jesus.
And the moment you confess your sins is not when Jesus found out about it; it's the moment you got rid of it.
The Bible says it's appointed unto man once to die, and after that the judgment.
So, I'm asking you tonight: do you know my friend?
And I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
But even more, I want you to become bold about your decision.
And I want you to tell us in the comment section right there down below: 'I want to be saved,' or 'I'm coming back to Jesus.
Tonight's my night.
I'm selling out to Jesus again.
I'm running to the Father tonight.
I'm running with my arms wide open saying, "Jesus, I'm here.
Would you please accept me back?
"' He's never turned his back on you.
You turned your back on him.
Remember that.
The moment you made your decision, he's there.
He's an ever-present help in a time of need.
He never left you.
He's always been waiting at your door.
He's at the door right now, knocking on your heart.
He's always there.
The moment you say 'Jesus,' he's there.
He's a gentleman, though.
You know what's amazing about Jesus?
He's a gentleman.
He never forces his way in anywhere.
He's always waiting and asking, 'Will you let me in?
I'll fix your mess.
I'll fix it.
' But he's never going to force his way in.
Never.
The devil comes immediately like a flood.
He's like, 'I'm going to come in.
I'm going to take over your life and destroy you to kill, steal, and destroy.
' But Jesus is a gentleman, and he's like, 'I'm just waiting for you to let me in.
' So tonight, he's at your door and he's knocking on the door of your heart.
Will you let me in again?
Will you let me turn your mess into a message?
Will you let me turn those days of sorrow and the days of hell that you've been through?
Can I turn it into joy unspeakable and full of glory?
Let me fill your cup with my goodness and mercy.
His goodness and his mercy follow you all the days of your life.
I believe that tonight is a night of a fresh start for you.
So I'm going to pray a prayer, and if you comment below, it shows if Jesus died for you publicly; you can be public in a comment section.
Don't let the devil talk you out of it.
Don't run anymore.
Tonight's your night to yield and say, 'Jesus, I'm coming home.
' So I'm going to say a prayer, and I want you to say it with me.
It's just a simple prayer; a five-year-old child could say it.
Say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe that you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ran away from you.
I've turned my back on you, but tonight I'm running to you with my arms wide open.
And I thank you that you accept me back and you forgive me for what I did.
I've messed up big and I need you.
And I thank you that you said that you're an ever-present help in a time of need.
And you've never left me and you've never forsaken me.
Lo, unto the end of the earth, you said you'd be with me always.
But Father, I turned my back on you and I want you to forgive me for being dumb in what I did.
From this day forward, Lord, I sell out to you.
From this day forward, Lord, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil.
And from this day forward, I serve you with all my heart.
Jesus, I'm selling out to you today.
And I thank you, Lord, that you've forgiven me.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I thank you, Lord, that as of this day forward, my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life.
I love you, Lord, and I thank you, Lord, that everything's made right with us.
We're cool again.
Fist bump.
Give me a hug.
You know, that's the kind of God we serve: a good and just God.
He's a loving God.
And we say in Jesus' name, amen.
' Well, if that was you and you just said that prayer with us, welcome to the family.
We're excited you're here.
We're excited you stuck around.
We're excited you prayed that prayer tonight.
Now, if you need a Bible, we want to celebrate your decision and your acceptance of Jesus Christ.
If you need a Bible for the first time, you can email us.
Go ahead, babe; I'll butcher it.
Yeah, we're just celebrating with you.
If you want a Bible, we'll send you one from Amazon.
So if you just want to email us, our email is in the description.
Put in the title, 'I just got saved.
' So if you look in the description below, you'll find our email address, and in the title, if you just put 'I just got saved,' and then in the description, just put 'I need a Bible' and your name and address, we will get one to you through Amazon.
So we're so excited for you.
God bless you.
It's a great day.
All of heaven is rejoicing, and we're rejoicing with you.
Yes, I'm so glad we did it.
We had 42 salvations.
We had 40-some last night and 42 tonight.
And so I believe even through the next day or so, we'll have well over a hundred.
But we had so many people get born again last night.
And it was amazing, wasn't it, babe?
That was amazing.
Even after the broadcast was over, we had so many people giving their heart to Jesus Christ watching the replay.
And so we give all the glory to Jesus.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
He's such a good God.
We love you all.
Like I said, could you please like, subscribe, click the notification bell?
Help us.
We're believing for a million-man and woman prayer army, all to the glory of God.
And that's what we keep believing for.
We're just stretching.
We're believing to end this year with over 600,000 subscribers.
By the end of 2025, to have over 600,000, and then we'll have 400,000 for 2026.
We're believing for that.
Maybe I'm believing too small, but I'm just believing for that's where I'm at right now: a mighty prayer army.
So we love you all.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.